README.md, before:

# Test Coding Assignment

# Assignment:
Develop a simple web app allowing users to send emails. The app should have the following features:  
## 1. Sidebar
1. The main page should have a sidebar with a list of emails (Apple Mail style)
2. When selecting an email from the sidebar, the selected email should be displayed on the right side of the screen

## 2. Search bar
1. The sidebar should contain a search bar at the top
2. When typing text in the search bar, the list of emails in the sidebar should be filtered based on the search text
   * We should do the filtering on the backend
   * We should debounce the requests to the backend (i.e. wait for 500ms after the user stops typing before sending the request)
   * The search should return results where either the `to`, `cc`, `bcc`, `subject`, or `subject` fields contain the search text

## 3. Sending emails
The main page should have a button to compose a new email (placed at the bottom right corner of the screen). The following fields should be present in the compose email form:
   * To
   * CC
   * BCC
   * Subject
   * Body


# Notes:
1. No need to actually send the email - it's enough to save it in the database
2. Do not spend more than 1h on this assignment, just do as much as you can in that time
3. Please remove the `.next` folder before sending the task
4. Please remove the `dev.sqlite3` folder before sending the task
5. Please remove the `node_modules` folders before sending the task
6. Please remove any other ignored files before sending the task

# Structure
This is a monorepo. It has two folders:  
1. `frontend`: This is the frontend of the application. It is built using Next.js.  
2. `backend`: This is the backend of the application. It is built using Fastify.

# Setup
1. `cd frontend` - Go to the frontend folder
2. `yarn install` - Install the dependencies
3. `yarn dev` - Start the development server (http://localhost:3000)
4. `cd ../backend` - Go to the backend folder
5. `yarn install` - Install the dependencies
6. `yarn migrate` - Run the knex db migrations
7. `yarn dev` - Start the development server (http://localhost:3001)

# Design
1. [MUI](https://mui.com/) is installed and used for the design of the frontend.

Commit message:

backend and frontend configurations implemented. styles added. axios added

README.md, after:

# Test Coding Assignment by Juan Ordosgoite


# Assignment:
It contains a simple web app allowing users to send emails. The app has the following features:  
## 1. Sidebar
1. The main page has a sidebar with a list of emails (similar to Apple Mail style)
2. When selecting an email from the sidebar, the selected email is being displayed on the right side of the screen

## 2. Search bar
1. The sidebar contains a search bar at the top
2. When typing text in the search bar, the list of emails in the sidebar is being filtered based on the search text
   * Filtering is being done on the backend
   * It debounces requests to the backend (500ms after the user stops typing before sending the request)
   * The search returns results where either the `to`, `cc`, `bcc`, `subject`, or `subject` fields contain the search text

## 3. Sending emails
The main page has a button to compose a new email (placed at the bottom right corner of the screen). The following fields should be present in the compose email form:
   * To
   * CC
   * BCC
   * Subject
   * Body


# Notes:
1. It's not sending the email actually - it's just saving it in the database
3. `.next` folder was removed
4. `dev.sqlite3` folder was removed
5. `node_modules` folders was removed
6. The axios dependency was added to facilitate data fetching from the UI to the backend.

# Structure
This is a monorepo. It has two folders:  
1. `frontend`: This is the frontend of the application. It is built using Next.js.  
2. `backend`: This is the backend of the application. It is built using Fastify.

# Setup
1. `cd frontend` - Go to the frontend folder
2. `yarn install` - Install the dependencies
3. `yarn dev` - Start the development server (http://localhost:3000)
4. `cd ../backend` - Go to the backend folder
5. `yarn install` - Install the dependencies
6. `yarn migrate` - Run the knex db migrations
7. `yarn dev` - Start the development server (http://localhost:3001)

# Design
1. [MUI](https://mui.com/) is installed and used for the design of the frontend.
